uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/EncounterFacade.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.EncounterFacade
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/ParametersClasses/Period.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.ParametersClasses.Period
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/ParametersClasses/Priority.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.ParametersClasses.Priority
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/ParametersClasses/TelecomItem.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.ParametersClasses.TelecomItem
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/ParametersClasses/ManagingOrganization.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.ParametersClasses.ManagingOrganization
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/Builders/IdentifierItemBuilder.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.Builders.IdentifierItemBuilder
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/ParametersClasses/LocationItem.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.ParametersClasses.LocationItem
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/ParametersClasses/ServiceProvider.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.ParametersClasses.ServiceProvider
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/ParametersClasses/PhysicalType.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.ParametersClasses.PhysicalType
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/ParametersClasses/EncounterParameters.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.ParametersClasses.EncounterParameters
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/flat/Code.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.flat.Code
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/Builders/JsonMemberClassBuilder.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.Builders.JsonMemberClassBuilder
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/EncounterManager.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.EncounterManager
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/ParametersClasses/Subject.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.ParametersClasses.Subject
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/flat/Subject.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.flat.Subject
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/flat/FlatSteps.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.flat.FlatSteps
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/ParametersClasses/ParticipantItem.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.ParametersClasses.ParticipantItem
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/ParametersClasses/IdentifierItem.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.ParametersClasses.IdentifierItem
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/ParametersClasses/Individual.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.ParametersClasses.Individual
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/flat/Encounter.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.flat.Encounter
uy/com/geocom/automation/SpringBootCucumberApplication.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.SpringBootCucumberApplication
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/flat/FlagFacade.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.flat.FlagFacade
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/ParametersClasses/Origin.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.ParametersClasses.Origin
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/flat/CategoryItem.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.flat.CategoryItem
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/ParametersClasses/Hospitalization.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.ParametersClasses.Hospitalization
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/Builders/CodingItemBuilder.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.Builders.CodingItemBuilder
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/ParametersClasses/Location.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.ParametersClasses.Location
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/EncounterGSSManager.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.EncounterGSSManager
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/ParametersClasses/TypeItem.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.ParametersClasses.TypeItem
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/Builders/EncounterBuilder.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.Builders.EncounterBuilder
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/flat/FlatRunner.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.flat.FlatRunner
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/Interfaces/CodingItemManager.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.Interfaces.CodingItemManager
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/ParametersClasses/JsonMemberClass.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.ParametersClasses.JsonMemberClass
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/EncounterRunner.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.EncounterRunner
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/ParametersClasses/ServiceType.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.ParametersClasses.ServiceType
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/ParametersClasses/ReasonCodeItem.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.ParametersClasses.ReasonCodeItem
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/flat/CodingItem.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.flat.CodingItem
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/EncounterSteps.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.EncounterSteps
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/flat/FlagManager.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.flat.FlagManager
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/Interfaces/IdentifierItemManager.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.Interfaces.IdentifierItemManager
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/ParametersClasses/ContainedItem.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.ParametersClasses.ContainedItem
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/ParametersClasses/Address.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.ParametersClasses.Address
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/ParametersClasses/CodingItem.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.ParametersClasses.CodingItem
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/flat/Period.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.flat.Period
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/ParametersClasses/PartOf.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.ParametersClasses.PartOf
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/flat/FlagServiceManager.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.flat.FlagServiceManager
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/encounter/Interfaces/JsonMemberClassManager.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.encounter.Interfaces.JsonMemberClassManager
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/flat/IdentifierItem.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.flat.IdentifierItem
uy/com/geocom/automation/geosaludServicios/resources/flat/FlagParameters.java
 uy.com.geocom.automation.geosaludServicios.resources.flat.FlagParameters
